README.md, before:

# Docs

## [faker](#)

Struct Data Fake Generator

Faker will generate you a fake data based on your Struct.

[![Go Test](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/actions/workflows/go.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/actions/workflows/go.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/go-faker/faker/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/go-faker/faker)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Go.Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/go.dev-reference-007d9c?logo=go&logoColor=white)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4?tab=doc)

## Index

- [Support](#support)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Example](#example)
- [Limitation](#limitation)
- [Contribution](#contribution)

## Support

You can file an [Issue](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/issues/new).
See documentation in [Go.Dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4?tab=doc)

## Getting Started

#### Download

```shell
go get -u github.com/go-faker/faker/v4
```

# Example

---

- Using Struct's tag:
  - [basic tags: example_with_tags_test.go](/example_with_tags_test.go)
  - [length and bounds: example_with_tags_lenbounds_test.go](/example_with_tags_lenbounds_test.go)
  - [language: example_with_tags_lang_test.go](/example_with_tags_lang_test.go)
  - [unique: example_with_tags_unique_test.go](example_with_tags_unique_test.go)
  - [slice length: example_with_tags_slicelength_test.go](example_with_tags_slicelength_test.go)
- Custom Struct's tag (define your own faker data): [example_custom_faker_test.go](/example_custom_faker_test.go)
- Without struct's tag: [example_without_tag_test.go](/example_without_tag_test.go)
- Single Fake Data Function: [example_single_fake_data_test.go](/example_single_fake_data_test.go)

## DEMO

---

![Example to use Faker](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*AkMbxngg7zfvtWiuvFb4Mg.gif)

## Benchmark

---

Bench To Generate Fake Data

#### Without Tag

```bash
BenchmarkFakerDataNOTTagged-4             500000              3049 ns/op             488 B/op         20 allocs/op
```

#### Using Tag

```bash
 BenchmarkFakerDataTagged-4                100000             17470 ns/op             380 B/op         26 allocs/op
```

### MUST KNOW

---

The Struct Field must be PUBLIC.<br>
Support Only For :

- `int`, `int8`, `int16`, `int32` & `int64`
- `[]int`, `[]int8`, `[]int16`, `[]int32` & `[]int64`
- `bool` & `[]bool`
- `string` & `[]string`
- `float32`, `float64`, `[]float32` &`[]float64`
- `time.Time` & `[]time.Time`
- Nested Struct Field

## Limitation

---

Unfortunately this library has some limitation

- It does not support private fields. Make sure your structs fields you intend to generate fake data for are public, it would otherwise trigger a panic. You can however omit fields using a tag skip `faker:"-"` on your private fields.
- It does not support the `interface{}` data type. How could we generate anything without knowing its data type?
- It does not support the `map[interface{}]interface{}`, `map[any_type]interface{}` & `map[interface{}]any_type` data types. Once again, we cannot generate values for an unknown data type.
- Custom types are not fully supported. However some custom types are already supported: we are still investigating how to do this the correct way. For now, if you use `faker`, it's safer not to use any custom types in order to avoid panics.
- Some extra custom types can be supported IF AND ONLY IF extended with [AddProvider()](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/blob/7473ac7d8d0440d24addac302c73e13c08895764/faker.go#L303) please see [example](example_custom_faker_test.go#L46)
- The `oneof` tag currently only supports `string`, the `int` types, and both `float32` & `float64`. Further support is coming soon (i.e. hex numbers, etc). See [example](example_with_tags_test.go#L53) for usage.

## Contribution

---

To contrib to this project, you can open a PR or an issue.

Commit message:

chore: add example for struct type providers & max field depth on struct (#81)

README.md, after:

# Docs

## [faker](#)

Struct Data Fake Generator

Faker will generate you a fake data based on your Struct.

[![Go Test](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/actions/workflows/go.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/actions/workflows/go.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/go-faker/faker/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/go-faker/faker)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Go.Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/go.dev-reference-007d9c?logo=go&logoColor=white)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4?tab=doc)

## Index

- [Support](#support)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Example](#example)
- [Limitation](#limitation)
- [Contribution](#contribution)

## Support

You can file an [Issue](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/issues/new).
See documentation in [Go.Dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-faker/faker/v4?tab=doc)

## Getting Started

#### Download

```shell
go get -u github.com/go-faker/faker/v4
```

# Example

---

- Using Struct's tag:
  - [basic tags: example_with_tags_test.go](/example_with_tags_test.go)
  - [length and bounds: example_with_tags_lenbounds_test.go](/example_with_tags_lenbounds_test.go)
  - [language: example_with_tags_lang_test.go](/example_with_tags_lang_test.go)
  - [unique: example_with_tags_unique_test.go](example_with_tags_unique_test.go)
  - [slice length: example_with_tags_slicelength_test.go](example_with_tags_slicelength_test.go)
- Custom Struct's tag (define your own faker data): [example_custom_faker_test.go](/example_custom_faker_test.go)
- Without struct's tag: [example_without_tag_test.go](/example_without_tag_test.go)
- Single Fake Data Function: [example_single_fake_data_test.go](/example_single_fake_data_test.go)
- custom struct type providers : [example_custom_struct_test.go](/example_custom_struct_test.go)
- large nested (& circular) struct with map & slice size limits & depth limitations : [example_with_limits_test.go](/example_with_limits_test.go)

## DEMO

---

![Example to use Faker](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/1*AkMbxngg7zfvtWiuvFb4Mg.gif)

## Benchmark

---

Bench To Generate Fake Data

#### Without Tag

```bash
BenchmarkFakerDataNOTTagged-4             500000              3049 ns/op             488 B/op         20 allocs/op
```

#### Using Tag

```bash
 BenchmarkFakerDataTagged-4                100000             17470 ns/op             380 B/op         26 allocs/op
```

### MUST KNOW

---

The Struct Field must be PUBLIC.<br>
Support For :

- pointer fields of any type
- `int`, `int8`, `int16`, `int32` & `int64`
- `uint`, `uint8`, `uint16`, `uint32` & `uint64`
- `bool`
- `string`
- `float32`, `float64`
- struct & nested struct
- `slice` / `array` of any type
- `map` of any key/value of supported types
- custom struct types by registering a `StructTypeProvider` & implementing your own generator function. This can be used for redefined time, big.Rat, etc. See [example](faker_test.go#L2655) for usage.
  - default `time.Time` provider is registered, you can override it by registering your own provider.

## Limitation

---

Unfortunately this library has some limitation

- It does not support private fields. Make sure your structs fields you intend to generate fake data for are public, it would otherwise trigger a panic. You can however omit fields using a tag skip `faker:"-"` on your private fields.
- It does not support the `interface{}` data type. How could we generate anything without knowing its data type?
- It does not support the `map[interface{}]interface{}`, `map[any_type]interface{}` & `map[interface{}]any_type` data types. Once again, we cannot generate values for an unknown data type.
- Some extra custom types can be supported IF AND ONLY IF extended with [AddProvider()](https://github.com/go-faker/faker/blob/7473ac7d8d0440d24addac302c73e13c08895764/faker.go#L303) please see [example](example_custom_faker_test.go#L46)
- The `oneof` tag currently only supports `string`, the `int` types, and both `float32` & `float64`. Further support is coming soon (i.e. hex numbers, etc). See [example](example_with_tags_test.go#L53) for usage.

## Contribution

---

To contrib to this project, you can open a PR or an issue.
